a sea of change is upon us so many
things have been going on right now
today that a lot of people are
unprepared for and I'm going to break
that down right here today you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you in today's video we are going to
look at demographics we are going to get
a good understanding of these different
groups you've got gen Z you've got
Millennials and you look at the Baby
Boomers and there are so many
differences right now and we're trying
to all work Within These systems which
are rapidly changing rapidly can we stay
on top of it let's look here first thing
I wanted to show you is we are highly
dependent on the financial system are
they going to cut interest rates are
they're not going to cut interest rates
right here we are looking at just a few
months ago we were talking about in fact
basically just a month ago we were
talking about seven rate Cuts coming
100% chance seven rate Cuts in 2024 now
we are looking at just the few so my
goodness what a month can do and when I
look at this I start to
analyze what's going on well there's
Euphoria in the markets the markets have
changed just in this last little while
where no longer do we need to have good
strong healthy companies we simply need
the word artificial intelligence or AI
attached to that company in order it for
it to perform well in this case here
it's funny the diet so that um
glp1 what they're talking about there is
these weight loss drugs okay OIC uh and
those sort of
things okay so the
companies that are in some way going to
benefit from these weight loss
drugs as opposed to those who are not
exposed to them um it's funny to see the
performance differ so obviously you've
got these company Eli Lily and and Novo
Nordisk or whatever they they have a
potential to do extremely well because
so many people are using these
pharmaceutical drugs to lose
weight and it has become such a trend
right
now and it's unbelievable to see that
and of course this has a definite effect
on the stocks Associated and and those
indirect so if you're like selling
Dunkin Donuts for instance they got
punished as a result of it because
they're saying hey people are not going
to go for the donut now they're going to
go for the you know kale salad or
whatever this is a whole whole thing
from Fidelity talking about um teens and
the survey that they were talking about
here ask several questions money is the
number one word teens think of when they
think of investing as they say 46% think
investing is only for people with extra
money so what I would tell people right
now is that if you have children if even
if you don't but anytime you can
interact with a younger person they
don't see it as a priority but I can
assure you that to some degree we should
be making investing a priority that does
not mean in cash just cash just our
money we must be investing in basic
skills just basic skills nothing crazy
okay um we should have a basic
understanding of how things operate
where does the food come like where does
does it come from I don't know I just I
wake up in the morning and hey the
food's there we need to have a
understanding of how our food system
works oh I could plant the seed in the
ground I could water it and then hey
food comes up just going through these
things should make a big difference in
people's lives later down the road they
don't have to be a farmer you don't have
to be a professional at anything but
just having an understanding suddenly
gives you a different perspective of how
things work that lays into of course how
we invest and how we change um our Our
Lives later down the road here is your
favorite I know it's your favorite Tay
Tay uh but what they're talking about
here is Gen Z are treating employers
like bad dates
93% ghost interviews meaning they don't
show up I had to learn that term and
87% have not even shown up for their
first day of work so they get hired and
they're just like n I'm not interested
okay and it depends on the job I get I
don't know I I can't just I mean that
look look
93% just don't show up for the interview
87% don't even go they get hired and
they're not even
coming they're saying for a lot of them
working the the 9 to5 is not something
that they are interested in they want
freedom they want to be able to be
mobile the new
generation of people have very different
priorities and expectations than the
generations prior this is very clear and
so as an
investor we have to keep that in mind
now sure if there is a massive
depression that essentially forces
things to change okay that's a different
story but even if there's a mild
recession it's not in doesn't have
enough impact to change this trajectory
so keeping that in mind how does this
affect the way that people consume
information streaming
services all of the different things
that are tied in with this where we have
the Quick Fix mentality of of young
people today and everybody too that have
no attention span all these things play
into this and so we got to remember if a
company is offering a shortcut taking a
needle to lose weight or whatever the
case is those companies can do very
well because this is what people want
today they're expecting it you know
there used to be a time when we had to
watch commercials on television and we
waited through those
commercials to get to our our show that
was waiting on the other side of that
you know there were other stations but
you didn't have a billion to choose from
and you couldn't just scroll on it
didn't work like that now today things
are very different right so keep that in
mind as an
investor Google lays off thousands more
employees despite record profits one
year after laying off 12,000 employees
as workers begin worrying AI is slowly
replacing them so AI certainly is a big
part of everything today there's no
question but there's a lot of hype
around it I'm just showing you here in
the case of Google in the case of meta
they are laying off a lot of people what
Zuckerberg was saying was basically that
they want to be lean and they want to
have a lot less middle management let's
just flatten it out a bit and the way
that this works is they say hey hey
manager um would you like to do the job
that you used to do 5 years ago that you
worked your way up to become a manager
uh no no I want to be a manager oh how
about this you can take that job you
used to have a few years ago and and
work at the desk like everybody else
instead of being in his office or we can
lay you off so of course they take their
pick and they go ahead with it so that's
happening today to a great degree things
are changing okay uh I think the jobs
Market could very well be changing and
demographics are too silver tsunami
record number of Americans set to turn
65 this year and that changes a lot of
things as an investor you want to have
some exposure to you know what what this
entails in the in the book money Master
the game Tony Robbins talks about reit's
Real Estate Investment Trust
specifically those who have exposure to
uh retirement homes okay and that's
going to be a bigger thing there are a
lot of these Pharmaceuticals depending
on where you sit morally on on this but
there are a lot of pharmaceutical
companies that are going to do very well
because they're going to offer pills and
and other you know they would call it
therapies um that would potentially as
they say uh benefit those so those are
the things that you want to be exposed
to and then of course we have uh
fertility rates that are dropping the
number of children per
female this is worrisome and for obvious
reasons because the replacement rate is
so low and there's different reasons why
this is bad but uh one of those being
like the debt so you've got all this
debt Social Security all these things
that you've got a Ponzi scheme set up
into you need more people to be paying
into that Ponzi and of course we know in
the end that is not going to happen
there's some serious problems so this is
the kind of thing I get into in depth
extreme depth 2 hours every single
Friday night um and you know for a lot
of people they just don't realize how
informative this is and those who do
join always say that they have found it
to be just something that really
enlightened them uh as part of this
because you just can't find that you
just don't sit down for two hours
explaining things from a 30,000 foot
view all the way down into the finest
details at chart analysis like it that
doesn't exist okay so I hope you'll join
me on there and even if you are
not uh somebody who can make it live
because it's at 9:00 pm on Fridays you
will you can get the recordings okay I
would hope that you join live
but uh you will get the recordings so I
would definitely appreciate it check it
out the money gps.com
I want to see you there and of course
hit that Thumbs Up Button I'll see you
tomorrow take care